How can you live like that? - Take a
step forward without looking back.
There is something in the air and
I trust Marocchino and his men.
Benedetto does not want to do business
with Moroccans. I can not help that.
You're going to let my container through.
This operation is purely for
the capture of Ancharad.
After that the party is over.
- I like to explain here...
but what about my children?
- We're working on that.
We traced your children
in Morocco.
You may have to make the
right decision sometime.
Cock. if you want to look at
her ass. you have to pay.
I think I get money from you.
not the other way around.
Tatta. why is Tonnano still alive?
It's my head. isn't it?
Cancer Pencil.
I don't understand how I
ever trusted this fagot.
I am standing here.
I want you to keep an eye on Jaouad.
I'm going to eliminate Jaouad.
And you're going to help me.
There's a problem with that load.
Go check what's there.
If that charge is important.
it is important.
That is him.
Image. image.
Ancharad. Did we see those?
Samira.
Your brother...
It's a mess. The
fire got him.
How?
That Whore Boy of a Pencil.
It has to. If I catch him.
it'll be his last day.
Are you sure?
Yes. I'm sure.
There were seven people in total
and six bodies were found.
I swear I'll destroy them all.
One by one.
It has happened.
Congratulations.
By which? - With your
long-sought revenge?
Your family's honor? That
you finally succeeded?
You tell me.
There is nothing to celebrate.
Listen to me.
The coming days are very important.
You have one task. Bring in that cargo.
What? - You heard
me right.
I want my 2000 kilos back. Yesterday's
was just the beginning.
You continue. You act like you
heard nothing and saw nothing.
Are you there Ashraf?
Do you hear me?
It's all for nothing if
you don't get this.
Pretend you didn't see anything.
Do you like the stupid.
Do you hear what I say?
Okay. There's something else
we need to sort out.
Good.
But nothing that happened
can be traced back to me.
I'm going to give you an address. You need
to get there as soon as possible.
You don't know him. but
he can be trusted.
And I need to be able to
act on your behalf here.
- The papers for the cargo...
- I'll take care of that.
And. Samira. don't tell
anyone. please.
So nobody talks.
I'm not talking.
But when it's over...
I swear I'll pull out his
guts with my own hands.
parole.
Let me.
What happened?
Listen. we're working here.
This porn model...
Can you open that door?
Good afternoon. your
order. - Thanks.
Is everything okay in there?
- Sure. Bit of a hassle.
If something is wrong. I
can always rescue you.
I don't want to see you anymore. gap.
Always mess with this guy. consumption.
Flicker. - What
did you say?
I'm fucking your mother.
We're not done yet.
We need to get the cargo.
We have to act fast. be
smart. keep focus.
Then I'm gone.
But first we go to Il Benedetto.
He just wants our heads.
He just has to cooperate.
You act like it's easy.
but it isn't.
That's why you're going to bring him good news.
Let's go.
Give me a reason why I shouldn't
have you guys shot right away.
We have good news.
That Moroccan...
Pope...
We had a chance to get
him. and we did.
How is that good news? He
still has my daughter.
We're sorry.
We know that what happened
is very annoying.
Annoying?
And who are you? - I'm the one
who pulled the trigger.
I'm here on behalf of the
true owner of the cargo.
She wants him back. Just like
you want your daughter back.
She wants a simple and good
deal for everyone.
That's why she's willing
to give you ten percent.
I can also take everything.
You can do that. but then it's war.
And that is bad for business.
- Thirty percent.
And listen to me carefully.
If you want to leave this country alive...
release my daughter immediately.
The cargo comes in and
then we're done.
Good. No problem.
We arrange everything.
- I know that.
Are you sure you can handle
this? - Do not worry.
The last thing I knew. there
was a team on the verge
into Ancharad. And actually
I didn't even know that.
No that is right. All data indicated
that he was there.
The arrest team was on its way.
But came just too late.
Who is behind this then?
That is a question that we are now
investigating with all our might.
I know what I'm about to ask will
take a lot out of you...
but it is vital to the
investigation...
that Ancharad's death
is not publicised.
I think I don't understand
what you mean.
Our country's most wanted
man is liquidated...
and you want to keep that a secret?
Have you seen where we are?
That man has turned the entire
justice system upside down.
I'm not going to keep that
under wraps. am I?
Younes Al Saddiqi is about to give
us all the information...
to roll up that group around Ancharad.
If he learns that Ancharad is dead.
we'll lose our best asset...
and I can't vouch for what he's going to do.
How long has that Al Saddiqi been
out of the running? - Two months.
Then he knows nothing about
the attack by the ministry.
I don't know. but he knows enough...
and with his kids almost
here I'm sure...
that we get a go to release
those vault statements.
No. we're not going to get
those kids anymore.
I will immediately pull
the plug on this one.
Excuse me? - Do you
have any idea...
of the potential political row
between us and Morocco?
What if someone gets wind of us practically
kidnapping two kids there?
I'm not going to do that for a cause...
whose prime suspect has
just been murdered.
Don't forget that my reality.
the political reality...
a different reality than yours.
It's not about Ancharad
alone at all.
There is a gigantic group around
that we can bring in in no time.
Are you going to tell me that all
the time. all the money...
so can go in the trash? Without
Ancharad. we're stuck...
with a few petty thieves
and some dealers.
And I've given you all the
resources and free rein...
to do what you thought necessary.
Even with those means
you have failed.
Yes.
Thank you.
Look who we got there.
The bearer of good news.
However?
Where are they? Didn't
arrange a camera crew?
A picture of your children.
Boukidan.
Right before we took them.
I think they are half way through France.
And it won't be long before they're here.
And the Pope is in Italy.
We've located him. should
pick him up any minute.
All I want from you is your go-ahead
on your statement against him.
Otherwise we have nothing.
You said halfway through France. right?
Then I might as well wait
for them to get here.
I can also call and they will
bring your children back.
That's not necessary.
But you don't get a go until
my kids are right here...
standing right in front of
me. Then you get a go.
Next time you have to let us know
in advance that you are coming.
Then I'll make sure my
lawyer is there too...
because I don't feel like
playing these games.
Welcome. Welcome. Just
walk with me.
95 percent of your turnover. right?
In a three-piece suit. At 8:30
on that corporate M&A.
At eight o'clock he is still sniffing.
May I offer you a cup of
coffee? - No thanks.
YOU? No? - Look
at that.
Madam Al Saddiqi. Correct.
Very warm welcome.
My name is Bart Wilbrink.
Nice to meet you.
Shall we? - I'll
be right back.
You can take a seat here. sir.
Have a look. what you will find
here is a complete overview...
of all your brother's so-called assets.
I'm talking about hospitality. real
estate. retail. land. et cetera.
This is all my brother's?
- Oh yeah.
Were you aware of your
brother's portfolio?
Partly.
And now?
As you may understand.
such a huge amount of…
quite a few paperwork
implications.
So in addition to this overview you will
also find a number of contracts...
agreements and clauses that must
be signed for agreement.
This means that most of what you
see here is in your name.
Or yes. largely in our name.
but with that in your name.
Well. you get what I mean.
Did you have any further
questions? - No.
I'll get back to you as soon
as I've read everything.
Do you understand that this is
very sensitive information?
My brother's death. - That information
doesn't leave this office.
I assure you.
I'll walk with you for a while.
- No. I know the way.
Yes.
Thank you for coming and congratulations.
I'm sincerely sorry.
But after everything that
happened last night...
Benedetto called me to
arrange something.
What then?
- What?
Dude. you still have his daughter.
So? - He heard from
your boss...
and now he's worried.
Me. too. - I
know that.
Try to stay calm. There have
been enough deaths.
Enough.
We all want that load. It won't
happen without his help. Okay?
So we have to release his daughter now.
Impossible. - No.
that is possible.
It has to. We must release
his daughter now.
I know. it's very tragic.
That load comes and then
you can go home.
You need to be alone for a while. okay?
I'll do my best.
trust me. - I
trust you.
Yes?
I'm on my way. why?
What?
Explain why?
Right now?
Is good.
Day.
Who was that?
Who do you think?
We have to let that
girl go. - How so?
We have no choice.
No choice? Since when
do we have no choice?
Hey?
Omar. that girl is going
to be released. okay?
That girl is the only guarantee on
that load. did you know that?
I tell you honestly. I don't know
what's going on with Pope.
Really and truly.
But if he says this. fine.
Stupid. but okay.
This shit is simple. isn't it?
You give me my shit back.
Otherwise I'll put a
bullet in your head.
Nobody's going to shoot nobody.
I think we need each other.
I understand that there was miscommunication
and a hiccup.
Shut up. please. yes?
What do you call miscommunication?
You call this miscommunication?
That you take shit from me and
don't pay me. you call a mess?
Your brother should be glad he's alive.
He owes it entirely
to himself.
There are limits and
he has crossed them.
What are you talking
about? - Ask him.
Ask your brother what he said
about that woman of ours.
What did you say?
What?
okay. yes?
I have said...
horny (...) cunt.
Apologize.
Sorry.
This shit doesn't belong. yeah?
It's never gonna happen again.
I'll fix this myself.
You pay me back my shit.
Then we'll be friends again after that.
playing in a playground. yes?
come. Freak.
Hey. come on.
- Gentlemen.
You are a cancer mongoloid.
I swear money is falling from
the sky in buckets...
and this is how you behave. Softy.
- What the fuck. dude?
Why is everyone so... - What
don't you understand?
Why so hypersensitive? - What
do not you understand?
You should be glad you didn't
get a bullet in the head.
And don't touch my sandwich.
If you do that...
I don't give a shit what they do to you.
Saying this kind of stupid shit.
I swear to you. if you want
to make your money...
and you want to play the big boy. then
you have to know what you're saying...
who and this kind of shit
you shouldn't say. buddy.
Do you think it's the 90's?
Get on a goulash train. go back and
make your own shit life there.
Rinus. Sorry. Yes?
It may not have been
wise. Sorry.
Last warning.
eh. Get in.
Yo. What are you doing?
What. what are you doing? -
Who are you looking for?
Who are you? Where is Hawk?
Hawk is not here.
Brother. I know Hawk is here.
Go in and say Komgoed
is here.
You are Komgoed?
Do you find that funny or something?
Are you going to open that door
or am I going to open it?
Walk.
Hi Hi.
Business is good here. isn't
it? Bunk beds. laptop.
Interesting...
Do you think it's some community
center here...
where you can come in
whenever you want?
Brother...
Does not matter.
Just start at the bottom.
There are also other things
here these days.
Bigger things.
- Okay.
It's just work for your money.
And no more jokes. clear?
Clearly. That's okay. boss.
Hey. Welcome back.
Thanks.
Coffeehouse?
Are you a coffee house? Why
aren't you downstairs?
There is nothing to do. There is no work.
Just like your fathers. huh. No work.
Did you bring your wife?
Whore.
Since when do you
joke. friend?
Excuse me. Was
just joking.
Do you want to
die? - No.
Excuse me.
What is?
Nothing. ma'am. I'm just
making a stupid joke.
What joke? - Just. you
know. Dumb shit.
What kind of stupid shit exactly?
Just whether you go with him or not.
Call 911 or something. -
Are you stupid or what?
...Department of Justice
and internationally wanted
criminal Jaouad Ancharad
also known as the Pope has been
liquidated in Genoa. Italy.
That has just been announced.
Little is known about
Ancharad's murder...
but according to sources. the perpetrators
should be sought...
in the criminal circuit.
An international arrest warrant has been pending
against the Pope for some time...
because of his possible involvement
in international drug shipments.
Turn off that shitty radio. Leo.
Goddamn.
Turn around. now.
Ancharad is already the second leader...
Hello. this is the voicemail from...
And this whore... Your cancer
mother. Your cancer mother.
I should have killed him right away.
What have we done? Let him.
And what has he done
now? And now?
And now? You knew this? You knew
this? - Omar. sit down.
Boys.
You knew this?
You knew this. Why didn't
you tell me?
That's not the point now.
That will come later.
We have to act.
Omar. - Samira.
Do you know what we should
do? We must be far now.
No one should see you. No
one should know you.
That's where we need to be.
Two thousand kilos have to
come here from Italy.
Pope is no more. How?
How? Do you know what name
is on that shipment?
Those 2000 kilos just come.
Have a listen here.
Ashraf is there.
The last thing Jaouad would want
right now is for us to run away.
Running away is not an option.
We're staying here.
Do you hear me?
I want to sit down with the people waiting
for this shipment as soon as possible.
I want to be able to look them in the eye
and I want to tell them in person...
that their cargo just comes. I don't
want to panic in the tent.
Listen. panic in the tent.
Who do you need?
I need that girl and
those buyers.
Hey. dude. What are you doing?
A lot of traffic jam there in France. isn't it?
I just spoke to my lawyer.
Do you know what he said?
That you are talking.
You don't have the authority
to bring my children here.
Younes. just think for a
second. Think logically.
What do you think is out
there for you to get?
Just be honest. Are you talking
about my kids or not?
You really are a dirty. filthy dog. Real.
Did you kill Pope?
In that case. thanks. man.
Top. Perfect timing.
Younes. where are you going.
man? To your wife?
Yes. maybe.
I have a few things
to tell her now.
Younes.
Who? What?
I can't remember anything. I have
no active memory of that.
If you're going to do this...
you will be at the top of a list.
Just like your wife and Tonnano.
Then you will be in a very small
cell for the rest of your life.
Are we suddenly going to act tough?
I swear. if it's the
last thing I do.
You forget everything I know
about you. what you told.
Do you know what the problem is?
I'm having a little trouble
taking you seriously.
With all your bullshit.
Scared man.
You're not going to do anything.
Softy.
Open up.
Have a nice evening. huh.
Boys. Please.
Wait. let's do another one.
It's getting late. Go home.
- Yes. I'm going.
Good evening. ma'am. your order.
- No. we have nothing...
Where are those blocks?
To sit.
Sit down. whore. To sit.
It's not here? - No.
it's not here.
There is no point. There's nothing
here. - Where are those blocks?
Do you want a bullet in the head?
Who is that mongolian?
What is? Get him.
eg. - Shut up or
I'll shoot you.
To fill. To fill. Go fill.
Where's that safe?
Not here. -
Isn't here?
Where's that safe? - I do not
know. There's nothing here.
There is nothing.
- I tell you.
You don't want to talk?
Bro. what are you doing?
- Go help or something.
You don't want to talk?
Come with me.
No safe. yes?
Open that safe.
Boys.
Hurry up. hurry up.
Where are those blocks?
- Take it easy.
Don't talk.
you? - Bro.
Don't talk. yes?
See what happens when you don't
talk. Pippi Longstocking?
Thank you. Cancer whore.
Nice. guys.
Hurry up. hurry up.
Open. open.
Hurry up.
We're in.
What do you mean inside?
Bring those bags upstairs.
What are you doing so shocked?
Don't you realize you almost
killed a woman?
And then tell me
what to do?
You don't even know what you're doing yourself.
Do you think you're free now? That those
people aren't going to look for you?
We go from war to war. From
problem to problem.
Tell me. what are we going to do now. eh.
boss? - What am I going to do now?
What I should have done a long time ago.
Now we can show that troublesome
Tonnano what we can do.
Tonnano?
That son of a bitch killed my dad and
you're going to work with him?
It's my only option.
Gentlemen...
I apologize for keeping
you waiting so long.
Glad you could all be there
on such short notice.
Yes. fine. huh. You know what
would be really nice?
A pallet of blocks instead of
a fucking circle discussion.
Sounds like the AA here.
It's very simple. so I'm
going to keep it short.
Your order will arrive
on time as agreed.
I've heard this kind of
antics 10.000 times.
And who guarantees this shit then?
Yes? You?
- We.
We guarantee this shit.
Communication still takes place
via the known channels.
Via the known roads?
Do you have proof?
Debts don't evaporate when one
goes out. You know that. girl.
I think I was just
being very clear.
Not enough.
As agreed. your order
will arrive on time.
Nothing changes for you.
but for those of you...
who have run out of patience. I
have an alternative solution.
Be aware. however. that this
alternative solution…
will mean the end of
our cooperation.
Equally good friends.
If you accept this. you no longer
have to knock on our door.
Do you really want to brush us
off with a fucking chip shop?
I have 1000 of them in
Brussels. Fucking gym.
She's sick in the head. brother. Sick.
I want my money back.
And before I'm gone.
I made a deal with Pope.
not his toddler sister.
But maybe I'll call you if I ever
need a pallet of tampons.
Act fucking normal. You
don't talk like that...
What. talk.
Then finish.
We understand your criticism. And
we even understand your anger.
But what we don't understand.
let alone tolerate...
is when you start talking to other
people behind our backs.
Dishonesty is not accepted.
Let this be a lesson to you.
Good to see you again.
Do you already know the way?
Sandro. I'll go.
I want that.
Stop that truck.
Put your gun on the dashboard.
Now. On the dash.
To get off.
Go.
Stop. Turn around.
Turn around.
You're going to take me to Chaouki.
Sst.
Shut your mouth.
Shut your mouth. Shut your mouth.
Do you know where he is or not?
You killed my uncle.
Shut your mouth.
What is this?
Sandro. we're ready. Where are
you? Where are you now?
Sandro?
I swear. if I catch you. Pencil.
I'm going to find you.
I'll fuck the life out of your
mother's cunt. whore boy.
Go away.
Hey. let him live.
He's going to sing like Pavarotti.
son of a whore.
Drive. you dirty street
kid. Drive. I told you.
No no no.